New ZMS backend for Settings (#20691)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_3.0.rst

   * Errors that were previously notified to the application with the ``LWM2M_CARRIER_ERROR_RUN`` event type have instead been added to :c:macro:`LWM2M_CARRIER_ERROR_CONFIGURATION`.

ZMS Settings backend
--------------------

.. toggle::

   The new ZMS backend for Settings is not backward compatible with the old version.

   To keep using the legacy backend, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS_LEGACY` Kconfig option.

   You can now enable some performance optimizations using the following Kconfig options:

>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE`: Used for caching the linked list nodes related to Settings Key/Value entries.
>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE_SIZE`: The size of the linked list cache (each entry occupies 8B of RAM).
>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NO_LL_DELETE`: Disables deleting the linked list nodes when deleting a Settings Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE`: Used for caching the linked list nodes related to Settings Key/Value entries.
   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE_SIZE`: The size of the linked list cache (each entry occupies 8B of RAM).
   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS_NO_LL_DELETE`: Disables deleting the linked list nodes when deleting a Settings Key.
```

   * Errors that were previously notified to the application with the ``LWM2M_CARRIER_ERROR_RUN`` event type have instead been added to :c:macro:`LWM2M_CARRIER_ERROR_CONFIGURATION`.

> ZMS Settings backend

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be put under "Libraries" section? This change is not specific to NCS samples or applications.

Author: @Damian-Nordic I have no idea about the structure of this file.
@carlescufi where do you think is the best place to put this section ?

Reviewer 3: @umapraseeda or @b-gent perhaps?

Reviewer: Yeah, may be under libraries.

Reviewer: Does this change require a mention in the release notes also? If yes, please comment in the related PR.

--------------------

.. toggle::

   The new ZMS backend for Settings is not backward compatible with the old version.

   To keep using the legacy backend, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS_DOWN` Kconfig option.

   You can now enable some performance optimizations using the following Kconfig options:

   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE`: Used for caching the linked list nodes related to Settings Key/Value entries.
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE_SIZE`: The size of the linked list cache (each entry occupies 8B of RAM).
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NAME_CACHE`: The cache used to keep status information of the Settings Keys.

>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NAME_CACHE_SIZE`: The size of the Name cache.

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to also provide what's the size of a single entry.
```suggestion
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NAME_CACHE_SIZE`: The number of entries in the name cache
```

   * Errors that were previously notified to the application with the ``LWM2M_CARRIER_ERROR_RUN`` event type have instead been added to :c:macro:`LWM2M_CARRIER_ERROR_CONFIGURATION`.

ZMS Settings backend
--------------------

.. toggle::

   The new ZMS backend for Settings is not backward compatible with the old version.

>    To keep using the legacy backend. :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS_DOWN` needs to be enabled

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   To keep using the legacy backend, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS_DOWN` Kconfig option.
```

>    Some performance optimizations can be enabled now using these Kconfig options:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   You can now enable some performance optimizations using the following Kconfig options:
```

>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE` Cache Used to cache the linked list nodes related to Settings Key/Value entries

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE`:  Used for caching the linked list nodes related to Settings Key/Value entries.
```

>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE_SIZE` Size of the linked list cache (each entry occupies 8B of RAM)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LL_CACHE_SIZE`: The size of the linked list cache (each entry occupies 8B of RAM).
```

>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NAME_CACHE` Cache used to keep status information of the Settings Keys

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NAME_CACHE`: The cache used to keep status information of the Settings Keys.
```

>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NAME_CACHE_SIZE` Size of the Name cache

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NAME_CACHE_SIZE`: The size of the Name cache.
```

>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NO_LL_DELETE` disable deleting the linked list nodes when deleting a Settings Key.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_NO_LL_DELETE`: Disables deleting the linked list nodes when deleting a Settings Key.
```

>      Warning: This option should be used only when the application is always using the same Settings Keys.
>      When the application uses random Keys, enabling this option could lead to incrementing linked list nodes without corresponding
>      Keys and cause excessive delays to load Keys.
>      Use this option only to accelerate delete operation for fixed set of Settings elements.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
     Use this option only when the application is always using the same Settings Keys.
     When the application uses random Keys, enabling this option could lead to incrementing the linked list nodes without corresponding Keys and cause excessive delays to loading of the Keys.
     Use this option only to accelerate the delete operation for a fixed set of Settings elements.
```

>    * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LOAD_SUBTREE_PATH` If enabled loads only the subtree path passed in the argument.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   * :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_ZMS_LOAD_SUBTREE_PATH`: Loads only the subtree path passed in the argument.
```
